hi everyone this is man um and today I'm
here to teach you how to make chicken
google geek I thought I would try to
show you my mom's way to do it which
means I've had to kind of figure out
I've had to figure out the measurements
that she's because she doesn't use exact
measurements another reason why I like
chicken blue boogie over the beef one so
much the beef one has like the typical
soy sauce garlic ginger and a little bit
of sugar or honey for sweetness but the
one that used for chicken it has a hot
pepper paste this hot pepper paste
already took some out
it's very red it's very spicy and it's
pasty so um when my mom used it with
chicken I remember liking it better
cause I'm spicier and she just made it
less often so it felt like it was more
special when she made it so first your
choice of meat it can be chicken thighs
and here we have or chicken thighs but
you can also use two chicken breasts
instead if you want to go on a lower fat
route this is the hot pepper paste as
I've already said and that's about I
want to say a little over one third cup
a little bit of honey instead of sugar
but I would say that's about 1/3 of a
cup that's been sitting out for too long
outside and then here we have a chopped
up ginger and I'll show you guys how to
chop up ginger
this isn't as fine as it could be but if
you don't mind a couple of chunks of
fine also if you don't have fresh ginger
you can use
I prefer not to but if you have this
around and not fresh ginger that's mine
same thing with garlic we have lower
this is about 1 tablespoon about 2
tables here of garlic again you can use
granulated garlic instead I prefer fresh
in the 1 tbsp of soy sauce and I guess 1
tbsp of sesame oil and we've almost run
out so I'm just going to pour straight
out of the bottle and then 1 teaspoon of
black pepper and 4 stalks of green
onions that we're gonna chop in and the
end and before we get started I'll show
you how to chop up ginger it looks
really hairy and weird once you chop off
all the outside woody part and it looks
like this and it looks like it's hard to
chop but almost really not so you do it
against the grain like this and it's all
hairy and then you get the bottom end of
a nice cool little finer if you'd like
but I just don't
like doing that also you could use a
food processor but after you do that
just weather and the same thing with
some garlic
you should squish it like that to
release all the juices and then stop
finer if you like but you don't have to
if you like it chunky a little bit okay
let's get started on the assembly all
right this is a very TV pretty because I
don't want to do as many dishes as we're
done okay
so first take place only okay five do
that okay so first take your PC
ingredients and then put it in your bowl
and if you don't have money but you have
like brown sugar or white sugar you
should use a little less than shown here
but it should still be fine and then
sweep
it makes it a little bit for my spoon
Department 1 tablespoon up any oil
ginger a ton of garlic and then
and we're on the green onions instead of
chopping them up I just like using my
shears kitchen shears because it makes
it a lot easier and I also like using
green onions instead of onions so
there's less liquid when we're cooking
on the show where if you're grilling I
guess if you are using a grill
I think for green on your left college I
like to clean
I want to get to the wider part I like
to cut it in half and start cutting
because that parts a bit stronger okay
and it's just well really spicy
okay
just put it in easier now that the
marinade is done I'm going to take our
chicken pieces and then start going to
remove the fat off and then chopping
against the green as well for the fat
just kind of put it
and I know either fattier cut of meat
but I like the way it tastes better with
this marinade but again we've done it
with chicken too so that's not a huge
deal
Oh
and then so you see the grain happening
going this way right so you should cut
about how big would you say this is half
an inch thick long strip chicken by
okay so I just got done trimming the fat
off of the 42 the five and sure they are
and then we're almost done now they're
just going to sit like this in the
fridge for an hour I mean earlier this
week when we made this we just rotated
immediately and it tastes it perfectly
fine and it was really good with lettuce
wrap and we're going to do that again
but today since I'm worried I mean it's
not dinnertime yet that's why I'm
feeling much earlier so I'm going to let
it marinate and it always does
piece a little better when it's
marinating anyway so we're going to let
this marinate until it's the right time
and then I'll show you how you can fold
up a lot of straps you can enjoy this
with whether it's romaine lettuce or
green leaf or red leaf or butter flooded
with white rice either sticky rice or
long grain or brown rice we've done it
all and it all tastes really good so on
we'll let this marinate and we'll come
back when we start cooking okay so my
husband herb be struggling with us on
the stovetop so
so I have a medium heat right now with
about a little less than a tablespoon of
oil we're using a really small skillet
use the bigger one if you have it we
have a bigger one but the nonstick has
like scraped off this time and it's
pretty terrible still I don't want to
use our old frying pan try to drift off
bump
stir it and I think we're going to cook
about half at a time make your it
sizzling
so how those clean parents must've
thrown it get more cooked I don't always
do that but I thought I would try to
keep things clean our dog is watching us
she's only begging you can't eat this
Noli so here's a chicken sauce here's a
three main component of the wrap I guess
with some rice and we have some lettuce
here we have the romaine lettuce on so
you would take a couple of pieces I like
a little more than this guy but depends
on your part friend of rice or a lot
depending how much you can fit in except
to eat this on camera and then like a
small bite of chicken we don't we like
spicy raw onions you can also have raw
or cooked large chunks of garlic you can
have slices of cooked or raw jalapeno
peppers depends again on your preference
then here we have the dipping sauce and
it's called some done or a mild soybean
paste that's been fermented on de de
with a lot of other meats that are
rackable
and lettuce too so basically it's like
some soybean paste some like garlicky
flavor some fat so you put it on there
as best as you can
with all of your ingredients and then
you eat it oh um
okay so these lettuce wraps
the really good way to enjoy barbecued
meats or like cooked Korean meats with
like a couple of other raw vegetables if
you'd like I hope that you enjoyed
watching it and that you'll try it and
um you'll let me know how it goes